There are things that
I've been researching,
things I've learned from experience,
but again, I'm not a designer.
So if you are looking for a designer,
I can't answer all your questions, but
I'm gonna do my best.
So let's talk about color for a second.
How how many of you knew that there were
two different types of color mixing?
Okay, Matt,
maybe Daniel a little bit, cool.
There are two different
types of color mixing.
I didn't know this.
Additive color mixing.
So colors actually start black and
become white as more red, blue,
or green are added.
This is used for TVs and
other computer monitors.
Subtractive color mixing actually
start white and as filters are added,
they take on the appearance of color.
So this would be for
printed media like photos and magazines.
I didn't know that,
I thought that was really interesting.
And there are actually a couple of
different color types that you've probably
heard of, maybe you don't
know exactly what they are.
So let's let's talk about those.
Primary colors.
So this kind of takes
us back to art school.
I didn’t go to art school.
I meant like when you are in
elementary school and
they make you go to art class and
you’re like, primary colors.
Primary colors are colors that cannot
be created by combining other colors.
So in this case it's red,
yellow, and blue.
Secondly colors are result from
mixing two different primary colors.
So if you mix red and blue you get purple.
If you mix green and
orange you get yellow.
And, what's the other combination?
Purple.
No.
Blue and yellow, you get green.
And tertiary colors are created
by combining a secondary
color with a primary color, and
there are six of those here.
And you noticed that
these were on a wheel.
These were actually in a circle,
the color wheels are very fascinating in
terms of different kinds of color pallets.
I'm sure we've all looked at UIs and
been like that looks really great or
this looks horrible, and
a lot of times it's due to color theory.
So let's talk about color palettes for
a second.
We've got monochromatic,
they are created by establishing
variations on a shade of one color.
These are generally very
safe color palettes.
You'll see a lot of resume designs
as well use monochromatic,
cuz it's a very safe choice, but
it can be a little bit boring.
So if you work in an exciting company or
you're building an exciting product,
maybe you want to pick
a different color palette.
Complementary color palettes
are created by selecting two colors
opposite from each other on the color
wheel so they balance each other out.
Then we have analogous.
So analogous color palettes,
you select three different colors on
the same side of the color wheel.
Triadic is super fun.
This one's a little bit edgier.
It's not done as often I would say, but
they're created by selecting three colors
evenly spaced around the color wheel.
And so by using these different
color palettes we can easily
kind of unify our UIs to
look a little bit nicer.